README.md, before:

#rpI2C#

rpI2C is a Raspberry-Pi I2C Library

#Setup#

 * Install the smbus and i2c tools onto the Pi
```
    $ sudo apt-get install python-smbus
    $ sudo apt-get install i2c-tools
```

 * Install kernel support with raspi-config
```
    $ sudo raspi-config
```
  * Go to "Advanced Options"
  * Enable I2C
  * Reboot
  * You can also follow this guide: https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruits-raspberry-pi-lesson-4-gpio-setup/configuring-i2c

#How to use#

## Installing rpI2C ##

### Installing from pip ###
```
    $ pip install rpI2C
```

### Installing from source ###
```
    $ python setup.py install
```

### Example Script ###
```
    import rpI2C

    address = 0x18
    bus = rpI2C.I2C(address)
    data = bus.read_raw_byte()
    bus.write_raw_byte(0x00)
    bus.clean_up()
```

### Bus Value ###
On different versions of the Raspberry-Pi you will need to use a different bus value for the
I2C bus. On some it's '0' and others it's '1'. This library tries to connect to bus '0' first
and if that fails, it will connect to bus '1'. You can specify a bus manually in the initializer.
```
    bus = rpI2C.I2C(address, bus=0)
```

#Contributing#

Send ideas through github issues.

Send patches through pull requests.

Code should ideally:
 * Follow PEP8
 * Generate no pyflakes warnings


#License#

Written by Fernando Chorney
Released under the MIT License: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

Commit message:

Added instructions for attaching a logger

README.md, after:

#rpI2C#

rpI2C is a Raspberry-Pi I2C Library

#Setup#

 * Install the smbus and i2c tools onto the Pi
```
    $ sudo apt-get install python-smbus
    $ sudo apt-get install i2c-tools
```

 * Install kernel support with raspi-config
```
    $ sudo raspi-config
```
  * Go to "Advanced Options"
  * Enable I2C
  * Reboot
  * You can also follow this guide: https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruits-raspberry-pi-lesson-4-gpio-setup/configuring-i2c

#How to use#

## Installing rpI2C ##

### Installing from pip ###
```
    $ pip install rpI2C
```

### Installing from source ###
```
    $ python setup.py install
```

### Example Script ###
```
    import rpI2C

    address = 0x18
    bus = rpI2C.I2C(address)
    data = bus.read_raw_byte()
    bus.write_raw_byte(0x00)
    bus.clean_up()
```

### Bus Value ###
On different versions of the Raspberry-Pi you will need to use a different bus value for the
I2C bus. On some it's '0' and others it's '1'. This library tries to connect to bus '0' first
and if that fails, it will connect to bus '1'. You can specify a bus manually in the initializer.
```
    bus = rpI2C.I2C(address, bus=0)
```

### Logger ###
If you want to define a logger, you can send it to the library by setting the `logger` argument.
```
    bus = rpI2C.I2C(address, logger=log)
```

If  you don't attach a logger then it will just define a `logging.getLogger(__name__)`

#Contributing#

Send ideas through github issues.

Send patches through pull requests.

Code should ideally:
 * Follow PEP8
 * Generate no pyflakes warnings


#License#

Written by Fernando Chorney
Released under the MIT License: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
